Mr. Xu, I have checked it out.
The person who bought Longyan incense is Uncle Liu
Just brought Professor Wang here last time
The one who almost killed my father
It was him!
Miss Shen, please tell Xu Wenjie
I know some false memories
I'll break through the original
How did you, Liu Shaobo, know the past of the Xu family?
It must be a trap
There is no trap in this world that can trap me
Just in time, I'm looking for him, don't worry.
This is the man I want to marry
Presumably the two of you are Xu Xianzhong and Miss Shen
When Liu Shao is already in the private room transfer
There must be something wrong
Let's go first
Wu Feng
I'd like to see what tricks they can play
The Liu family is so big
He actually sent two grandmasters to kill
Kid, have some skills?
Since you can see that the two of us are grandmasters
No wonder you can avoid me
But it stops there.
It is your honor to die at the hands of the grandmaster
It's just a grandmaster ant
Believe it or not, I could kill you sitting here